hahaha
[Music]
it's so true that was crazy I can't
believe you did that to me did you see
it uh I see you driving away from a far
distance after killing me as you know
driving towards me
I know how to take care of that hat give
it to you I saw the shadow before I saw
the ball
that for me
get out of my way down you idiots
you can kiss and make out but when I
come up it's all explosives
I just had to respect it wait simple's
winning get him
straight
nice Jump by the way
I'm dead I wouldn't hear that noise
gun to bomb
[Music]
holy [__] that was [__] crazy
it was already crazy I have an idea
alone it was nuts I
oh
that's so crazy
[Laughter]
no this map's big
are you going
where are you going
I had no help so I you know desperate
pause
that's an insane call to make myth like
Chase
did it end up being anything over there
oh yes
you're so stupid and so am I simple
that's water
no it is
a poison okay
[Music]
you can set those off manually yeah I
just learned wow how do you do it I
don't know I typed aegon
let's get him to him every now and then
I decided it's time to turn around and
lose
because I think I'm gonna be slick hey
dark okay cool we've waited to spawn in
again
I died yeah you broke the [__] spiky
ah dude of course because every turn I
make someone's got an item in their head
in my way
sorry iMac I have no choice
well you didn't even do anything simple
position
I'm gonna let you walk away if I was a
wonderful
I'd put that to get you extra it was
definitely my fault
I'm not trying to shoot that because I
actually want the hat and like everyone
else apparently as soon as they see you
they blow you up I know
I don't know
I thought you were gonna drive off the
map stop falling in front of my minigame
guys
when have you ever wanted to kill the
guy with that
again
[Laughter]
I was like as soon as I hit this box I'm
spamming space I hope it's a good item
and it was just that driving straight
off the map
[Laughter]
I thought we were both gonna just fallen
down
you got the best possible outcome can't
wait to get this hat with Noel to bring
it up
[Laughter]
point
I had the hat for a bit it was nice did
you
have fun with the hat
[__]
I just tried to kill you I was saving
you for the Hat guys
so I really deserved it
I'll paint I'll take some of these shots
why not car why me we don't have the Hat
try this one's iMac to win what do you
mean I just threw our new stop Chase
from the guy with the hand
this is not a TDM another machine gun of
course
that's the thing I threw down there on
accident
no no one's getting it from here where
are you going
I would have liked that I finally earned
it thank you
anybody got a minigun warzone
55 people are fighting on my corpse
you're lucky I don't have an item I
really am don't grab that okay I had
this one anyway I was so sure you had
nothing uh-oh it's fine I miss I hope
there's an item up here you turned to me
around
oh there's an item up here
you're so lucky it's gonna kill me
what's up get off the island time
somebody kill him I don't have a video I
killed him
throw it up no it's gonna go over you up
here with a [__] nuke don't worry
mate IMAX just gonna kill me instead
priorities
mxkos
hahaha let me up
simple's at 62 already
oh it's over nine seconds it's simple
did you slip iMac like five bucks or
something
a menu popped up for me I couldn't get
rid of it with them damn it I hope I get
the hat back that only happens if your
tea no I'm not I swear
not again
dedicated spawn
the car is just he just kills people it
doesn't matter you have 86 seconds
you're a threat no matter what
give me the house
at the same time
I don't know how everyone died everyone
involved died from a TDM that was TDM
that's definitely what requires blade I
was on board with killing simple when he
had 80 points though let's expect him
but that's only if they have 80 points
per car you were playing like that yeah
I wasn't the only target
the car was like I've got an item
there's a person here ricard's like it
was justified this time that's why
am I yeah iMac just kills you no matter
what
oh my God that one it's like when you
get instant headshot and you don't
expect somebody [__] like pre-fires
oh my God
[Laughter]
guys I'm stuck
that's all I need is one wait let's make
fun of him let's make fun of him no how
are you having the Hat wait I deserve
that so bad
[Laughter]
anytime's got this
no
Jesus is Invincible in the pile as well
just because
[Music]
I was three anyway
I should have just held
up dumbass
math
[Laughter]
I love that hat thing you're doing it
hasn't worked yet
please win hurricane I'm trying man
Misty you're an idiot I I really hope
you win hark
[Music]
yeah I could have I could have
potentially killed hark but Misty just
kills me anyway so I'm glad
[Music]